so you ensure that boring work gets done. Hello. Okay, One, it's back
to the old phrase. Expect what you inspect. So if work gets done, ship
shot. Who is signing off on that work? That is a famous story about
my several Captain McCoy. I sat with toys and a bunch of AB city
engineers out to prepare the USS San Antonio San Antonio was It is viewership
on Burger Stern Gate that's stuck. Button operated on the
main missions of shift is what? Well, ops. You have to have a working
day. Everyone was worried. Probably a little coin. Nazi, actually,
engineers got a plan. They fixed it. Okay, Have a question for it. Uh,
who signed off on that ship? Who accepted that? Show us. Oh, yeah.
Don't be a Nazi. I'm thinking he didn't send the same engineers out
fixing that signed off on. So no way. No. We need to get You have
to understand